[Music]
the film begins with bradley fine
infiltrating a black tie party with the
guidance of susan cooper
he quickly makes it to the head honcho
underground and holds him at gunpoint
who reveals himself as theomir boyanov
the father of reina boyanov
he is about to sell a nuclear-bombed
terrorist suddenly
finds allergies act up and he sneezes as
he shoots boyanov's father in the head
susan is shocked but she quickly leads
him out as fein escapes on a boat
back to the cia
[Music]
the next day at cia headquarters head
elaine crocker briefs the agents on the
mission at hand
nobody knows where the nuclear bomb is
except reina boyanov
she then sends off fine to boyanov's
residence as cooper is insulted
and sent out by agent rick ford
during the mission finds cameras and
tech are acting up at boyanov's
residence
cooper tells him to back off but he goes
inside and disarms both guards
boyan often suddenly appears and holds
him at gunpoint
to cooper's horror boyanov shoots fine
in the head and exposes
all the agents in the cia
the funeral for fine happens and crocker
decides to carry on the mission despite
losing fine
after confronting cooper on calling
boyanov a [ __ ]
in the official report cooper discovers
a list of numbers from fine's
spy feed before he got killed the
numbers
link them to deluca a businessman long
suspected to be
linked to terrorists and who has an
office in paris
crocker has no idea who to send until
cooper volunteers
to the chagrin of fort after crocker
announces cooper as officially on the
case
ford quits crocker then calls cooper in
her office
and shows her a video from cooper's
training days
cooper was the top of her class and was
considerably aggressive
but placed herself in a job of analysts
to the advice of fine
instead of being an agent
crocker then gives cooper her first
identity and sends her off to gather her
gadgets
and head to france
[Music]
upon touching down in paris cooper is
brought
not to a grand hotel but to a cd motel
in her room she is surprised by ford who
has gone rogue
after telling her a variety of
exaggerated stories about his exploits
he tells cooper to stay out of his way
and that she will fail
the next day cooper finds out that the
office of deluca was burned down
he knew the cia was coming she then
spots one of his associates on a photo
taken by a bystander
and goes to a cafe where she is startled
by ford
who once again chastises her and walks
away
suddenly delucas henchman appears and
follows four
cooper then follows them as an
unidentified woman swaps ford's backpack
with an identical one containing a bomb
cooper then chases and warns ford in
time for him to throw the bomb into the
river without any casualties
but one of deluca's goons snaps a
picture of cooper
blowing her cover
cooper chases him to the burn down
office and loses him
until he appears behind her and
threatens her with a knife
she then takes out her gun and threatens
him at which he laughs
or rather it is lying on the ground
beside her
[Music]
cooper however successfully fends him
off and knocks him off a balcony whereby
he is impaled on the stake
back in her motel room cooper who took
the camera
sends the footage to cia they then hear
de luca talking about
ronaldo and they figure out that ronaldo
was the name of a rolls-royce car and
that it is presently in rome
cooper is then given another identity
and flown off to italy
in rome a spy is sent to drive cooper to
intercept ronaldo
cooper then spots deluca going inside
the casino
and to go in she buys herself a nice
dress and makes herself up
inside the casino ford once again spots
cooper and insults her
cooper then enters the private casino
and upon getting kicked out
she spots a waiter slip poison in a
drink and alerts the customer
who is rayna bullion off in the flesh
for her thanks
boyanov takes cooper out to dinner as a
thanks for saving her life
[Music]
boyanov spots ford sends her men to kill
him
but cooper sends out a morse code
message to cut the power of the casino
while the power is out she creates a
diversion to let ford go
upon waking raina brings penny morgan to
her private plane
in route to bulgaria where cooper is
poisoned with her drink
and knocked out
upon waking boyanov is confronted by the
pilot at gunpoint
cooper quickly subdues him and the other
hostiles
while getting the plane under control on
autopilot
boyanov then holds cooper at gunpoint
saying she knows she is from the cia
cooper then lies and says that she's a
bodyguard that her father sent out to
protect her
now put the plane on autopilot
[Music]
believes her and lets cooper fly them to
bulgaria
[Music]
and you're wrong in budapest
nancy surprises her she was sent to keep
an eye on cooper
boyanov then spots them and after cooper
saying that nancy is an assistant
bodyguard
an unknown assailant shoots at them
killing boyanov's associate
cooper picks up a pizza delivery scooter
and gives chase while nancy runs with
boyanov
upon catching up cooper is surprised to
see that the assailant is none other
than the agent karen walker
walker is then suddenly shot in the head
by a sniper while cooper flees
back at the hotel boyanov screams at her
two incompetent bodyguards
and tells them that her client is
meeting her that night at a party
they then hire an additional bodyguard
who is none other than the spy from rome
at the party cooper spots ford yet again
as well as the woman from paris she then
follows her as nancy attacks musical
guest star 50 cent on stage
to get arrested and cause a distraction
cooper then follows the woman to a
restaurant where they fight
with cooper overpowering her and
accidentally launching a knife through
her hand
as she arrests her under the fbi someone
launches a knife in her heart
fine who faked his death and is now with
boyanov
cooper is tied up and locked up with the
spy from italy
fine then comes in and tells cooper that
his entire plan was to get close to
boyanov
by faking his death and that he was
actually going to stop her
he tells cooper to hang tight as he
leaves but cooper has had enough
she gets help and frees herself and the
spy from italy as she
drives to the estate of deluca
deluca who doesn't trust fine tells
boyanoff that the deal is off unless
fein gets killed cooper then pops in and
gives deluca a deal
she'll allow the deal to happen if fine
lives
she then confesses about how shitty the
cia was
and how she knew that fein would never
be hers deluca
accepts cooper's deal
deluca's customer then arrives and gives
him his payment
millions of euros worth of diamonds
boyanov then leads everyone to where the
nuke is
inside ronaldo the whole time yes it is
deluca then suddenly shoots his customer
and holds everyone at gunpoint
ford once again interferes but
accidentally knocks himself out
better and better thanks for the
performance folks but sorry reyna
deluca runs while cooper shoots and
kills every one of his henchmen
with fine getting shot in the process
cooper then gives chase to deluca
escaping in his helicopter with an
awakened four chasing after
them cooper catches on his helicopter
while ford grabs her boobs
deluca tries to shake them off but only
succeeds in dropping ford and cooper's
shoes
cooper then swings herself inside the
helicopter and throws the diamonds and
the nuke in the lake below
[Music]
oh my god
an anger deluca then attempts to kill
cooper but nancy
who is now in a helicopter with the help
of 50 cent
shoots him with a sniper rifle and kills
him cooper then lands the chopper
her first ever mission is complete
upon landing ford congratulates her and
drives
off to sea which is now a nuke
contaminated lake
the spy from italy is actually mi6 and
fine ass cooper out on a date
she declines to have a girls night with
nancy and the two walk away as cooper
gets a new assignment